|Sandbox|`Runbook for PRD from SP-3 to SP18 and Hardening '|
|-|-|
|Runbook Created|`2026-03-25`|
|Runbook Last Modified|`2026-03-05`|

Post -deployment steps

[x] 1. EHIS-2703

Assign Profile and Permission set related to Operator portal.

> go to potal - click on workspace - administration - memebers - add potal profile and ps 
  Profile - Custom Community Operator.
  Permission set - PHOCS Operator User CRE PS.

[ ] 2. EHIS-2258

> Go to Quick find → Sites → click on phocsservices → add deployment user email in site admin and record owner.
> Go to Quick find → Sites → click on phocsportal → add deployment user email in site admin and record owner.

- EMAIL - 'Gandloju.Vishwantha@gov.bc.ca'

[ ] PHOCS site publish
Step-1: Open the target salesforce instance.
Step-2: Click on the gear icon and select setup.
Step-3: Search for 'All Sites' and then select builder for phocsportal.
Step-4: Select the "Publish" on Home Page - on right top Corner.
Step-5: Again Click on "publish" button on pop-up window.
Step-6: Click on "Got It" button and wait till you get confirmation email about site published.
Step-7: Repeat the above steps from 3 to 6 for phocsportal as well.

[ ] PHOCS site publish
Step-1: Open the target salesforce instance.
Step-2: Click on the gear icon and select setup.
Step-3: Search for 'All Sites' and then select builder for phocsservices.
Step-4: Select the "Settings" Icon on Home Page - on left top Corner.
Step-5: Again Click on "phocsservices Profile" hyperlink under the Guest User Profile.
Step-6: Click on "Assigned Users" button and wait and select the "Site Guest User, phocsservices".
Step-7: Assign the "PHOCS Services Guest User PSG" Permission Set Group to the user.

